Editorial pass at example descriptions (#1575)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/attr-not-duplicated-e6952f.md

#### Passed Example 1

> This `img` tag contains no duplicated attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `img` element contains no duplicated attributes.
```

```html
<img src="/test-assets/shared/w3c-logo.png" alt="W3C logo" />
```

#### Passed Example 2

> This `br` tag contains no attributes, therefore there is no duplicated attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `br` element contains no attributes, so there is no duplicated attribute.
```

```html
<br />
```

#### Passed Example 3

> This `input type="checkbox"` tag contains empty attributes, therefore no attributes are duplicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `input` element with a `type` attribute value of `checkbox` contains two different empty attributes.
```

> This `input` element with a `type` attribute value of `checkbox` contains two different empty attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `input` element contains three different attributes, two of them being empty.
```
* `type` is an attribute in itself.
* I don't think the actual attribute value is relevant in that rule.

```html
<input type="checkbox" disabled readonly />
```

#### Passed Example 4

> This `SVG` element contains no duplicated attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `SVG` element contains no attributes.
```

#### Passed Example 5

> This `script` tag contains duplicated attributes, but they are ignored because they are placed within the `script` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `script` element contains duplicated attributes, but they are ignored because they are placed within the `script` tag.
```

#### Failed Example 1

> This `img` tag contains one duplicated attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `img` element contains a duplicated `alt` attribute.
```

```html
<img src="/test-assets/shared/w3c-logo.png" alt="" alt="W3C logo" />
```

#### Failed Example 2

> This `input type="checkbox"` tag contains one duplicated attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `input` element with a `type` attribute value of `checkbox` contains a duplicate `disabled` attribute.
```

> This `input` element with a `type` attribute value of `checkbox` contains a duplicate `disabled` attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `input` element contains a duplicate `disabled` attribute.
```

```html
<input type="checkbox" disabled="disabled" disabled readonly />
```

#### Failed Example 3

> This `SVG` element contains two duplicated attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `line` element contains duplicate `x1` and duplicate `y1 ` attributes.
```

#### Inapplicable Example 2

This code is JavaScript, not HTML or SVG.

```js

> var foo = '<img src="/test-assets/shared/w3c-logo.png" alt="" alt="W3C logo" />'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var foo = '<img src="/test-assets/shared/w3c-logo.png" alt="W3C logo" />'
```
